Add initial doc on key concepts (#11)
microsoft/AzureTRE: docs/concepts.md

![Concepts](./assets/concepts.png)

## Workspace

A workspace is a set of resources on a network with inbound traffic restricted to authorised users and outbound access restricted to defined network locations. The workspace is a security boundary in the fact there should be zero transfer of data outside of the workspace unless explicitly configured. Data transfer is not restricted within a workspace.

Workspaces can be configured with a variety of tools to enable tasks such as the development of machine learning models, data engineering, data analysis, and software development.

Multiple workspaces can be created within a single Trusted Research Environment to create the required separation for your projects.

## Service

A service provide one or more capabilities to you as a user of the TRE or to the TRE itself.  Depending on the type of the service it is scoped to the environment and shared across all workspaces or scoped to a specific workspace.

The types of services required for a research project varies greatly why extensibility is a key aspect of the Azure TRE solution so new services can be developed by you and your organization to fit your needs.

> Some workspace services are available from outside the protected network, such as a Virtual Desktop. Others such as Azure Machine Learning might need access restricting to via a Virtual Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some workspace services are accessible from outside the protected network, such as a Virtual Desktop. But no data will be permitted to be transferred outside the protected network. Others such as Azure Machine Learning might need access restricting to via a Virtual Desktop.
```

Below are examples of services that are available in the Azure TRE solution.

### Shared services

> - Firewall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are services and resource shared by all workspaces.

- Firewall
```
